mrc-3442 Add build frontend script (#37)
mrc-ide/wodin: README.md

For development, you can install dependencies, build and run the app locally in one step using `./scripts/build-and-run.sh`. The app will be available at http://localhost:3000 

> To build front end changes only for a given app type run, `./scripts/build-frontend.sh basic` (or provide `fit` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build front end changes only for a given app type run, `./scripts/build-frontend.sh basic` (or replace `basic` with `fit` or
```
